hello everybody my name is nice honest
and welcome to Minecraft world update
number tois alright today I've included
a few more technological aspects and not
really anything pretty hooray so I hope
you don't like things that are pretty
because you're not going to find any
here you're just going to find
impressive redstone Duff alright so
first thing I've included is this door
yes it's very redstone related actually
it is you can open it and then Stephanie
on these buttons will instantly open
both and close both at the same time you
know how hard double doors are to do in
Minecraft look at that look at that crap
and you know what's the jet has their
two blocks so under here is an
impressive redstone contraption that I
actually had to dig under an ethos world
to get to and it's actually pretty hard
to make because i'm i'm good with
redstone but i don't know actually how
to make anything that actually does
anything like i don't i don't have the
ideas that everybody has so i ended up
doing this so here's your outside and
you open door random go inside it'll
always end up closed so that's the
purpose of that it's basically just lazy
stuff next i've incorporated a mob
system it's not communism it's a mob
system and it gets lots of loot so let's
wait for mobs to come or is it on
peaceful now it's on hard mobs will come
see lil creeper
that's cousin never mind see you looking
gets burned this is all ethos stuff
ethos lab if you ever heard of him he is
um he's like probably the most genius
person ever as far as minecraft goes and
most of the things displayed in this
episode of Minecraft world update our
are involved by him so it's his mouth
system and his sizzler design yeah
that's that so I've also incorporated
trapped over here that's nothing special
that's not even redstone those are just
regular old trap doors you get the idea
though next if you notice is this big
wooden area back here it's a massive
tree farming facility I don't even I
mean it's just a tree farm I've put
toward his here so you can know where to
put the saplings and you plant the
saplings and then you put down bone meal
let me turn it back date on so you put
the saplings in where the torches is our
torches are and then you put bone meal
and gross trees and then you cut them
down and get to wood or you can just let
the on the trees grow if you don't have
any bone meal because it's all covered
in glass and then come down here and
you're in the garden shed where I put my
tools my bone meal my saplings more
saplings yeah you get the idea stuff
thatís it with the tree farm so I have
this lighting system up here with
torches that keeps it'll I lit up and
the only thing that spawns in your farm
animals so I'm working on passive system
but I'm not sure I'm ready to get rid of
all my grass yet mm-hmm and I am trying
to get rid of this snowy biome huh I
mean I may even resort to installing a
mod just to get rid of the snowy biome
here it's absolutely not and if you
didn't notice already I've gotten a a
couple of new mods one is the zans mini
map which you can see in the upper
right-hand corner so you notice my
horses are gone because I had to
uninstall mo creatures well technically
I didn't because well with the new
minecraft update mo creatures did update
but it came in film above really it
really lagged my game and it froze and
started making minecraft all black
screaming so I had to uninstall it and
there
are the staples in the incubator are
useless for right now so everything's
still intact except for a couple things
that are frozen and there's no more
horses and that is that the last thing
and most important thing that I need to
show you in this update is my eat system
which I have copied almost entirely from
ethos design accepted a few minor which
are just aesthetic they don't actually
change the way it works baby transport
system to public sector in my world in
future updates i'm going to plan on
making this is like my residential
sector and i'm going to build like a
little town with hotels and houses and
stuff far across the world actually just
over that mountain sexually not all that
farm across but I've built in each
system and I actually I didn't MCEdit I
actually duplicated it exactly and I've
made it a little bit more aesthetically
pleasing by covering a lot of the stuff
with wood so if you head to head this
direction you can climb up here and you
see your easy way as you can see I made
it more aesthetically pleasing by
covering with wood and make it seem like
an entrance to eat the easy loader menu
and so um you put your boat right there
I covered up this power half slab so
you're not confused you just put the put
the boats directly below right there
alright so I go straight into the easy
loader get the ID this is a one-way door
for people that are arriving at the
residential area the service entrance in
case I like that so you pull over and
you basically get the the redstone
contraption for the called the pulse
redstone contraption that opens the
mindcrack guilt no I'm both doors over
here you have r.i.p bob guy on the job i
don't know i was bored and I just had to
put that there generally it doesn't
really change anything so I put walls
around here in a little docking area and
where you can board the boat and liftoff
and you know it's kind of silly i might
change this but I actually even copy his
cave story themes
as you can see here I literally wanted
to make exactly the same as his because
I mean I don't even know I'm probably
gonna change it to sound other name
songs I do not play cave story so yeah
so the e throat is complete apart and it
goes into the ez loader I like my
aesthetic changes matter of fact I need
to repair that I'm gonna reel in a
minute but I like my aesthetic changes
to make it seems like it's like Walden
and it's like an actual station cuz
ethos got in like a cave and I just
doesn't look very nice lady come out
here and its eggs and that's basically
it for the world you can come around
here and there's the ez loader just like
his come around here you have another
service area and then the entrance it's
a little bit different style over here
just because that's the way it is come
up here and you're in a visitor center
which is yet to have anything in it this
is going to be the visitor center for a
town which is going to be positioned off
in that direction and that's about it
for Minecraft world update number two I
have not decided I'm going to include a
safe or not I may or may not you don't
need any mods to use this safe so it's
actually likely that you'll get a safe
see you guys later